HOW TO CONFIGURE THE AMAZON CLOUDWATCH OBSERVABILITY ADDON

This was a nightmare to figure out and took a LOT of Googling, troubleshooting, and help from Gemini. 

First, this setup uses the EKS addon version of the Amazon CloudWatch Observability Addon.
However, the Helm version SHOULD be more or less identical (AWS may
use Helm under the hood?). Either way...

Obtain an (updated) copy of the ACWO EKS addon configuration schema (in JSON) via aws cli.
   A. Get the latest version of ACWO for your K8s version:
      aws eks describe-addon-versions --kubernetes-version 1.31 --addon-name "amazon-cloudwatch-observability" \ 
      --query addons[0].addonVersions[0].addonVersion.
   
   B. Get the matching configuration schema:
      aws eks describe-addon-configuration --addon-name "amazon-cloudwatch-observability" --addon-version "(VERSION)" 
      --query configurationSchema --output text | jq >> ACWO_(VERSION)_configuration_schema.json

   C. Nearly every guideline or example for this addon presents the configuration in YAML, but we're going to hold off converting
      to YAML for now, since we will want to be able to validate the configuration file we create against the schema file
      we obtained in the last step (look online for tools to do this - also, maybe you can validate a YAML file using a JSON
      schema?)

   D. Converting this to a configuration file requires removing all the extraneous schema fields, and re-formatting
      or re-aligning the remainder. For example, all fields named "description" or "type" probably need to be removed.
      When a default key:value combination is listed for a field (some default fields have null values), the encompassing default field should be deleted and only the key:value combination should remain.

   F. The "$schema", "additionalProperties" and "definitions" fields can be removed (re-align everything below as appropriate). 
      Replace these with the requried YAML header for an EKS addon configuration file (everything else is nested within spec):

      apiVersion: eks.services.k8s.aws/v1alpha1
      kind: AddonConfiguration
      metadata:
        name: cloudwatch-observability-config
      spec:

   G. When finished, use an online JSON-to-YAML converter to switch to YAML (easier to read) and you're ready to use it with the addon.
